docs: document the setting of units for subordinates between 0.19 and… (#1004)
juju/terraform-provider-juju: docs-rtd/reference/terraform-provider/resources/application.md

# Applications can be imported using the format: `model_uuid:application_name`, for example:
$ terraform import juju_application.wordpress abe22490-a845-4a4d-ba52-7ec80a60aff5:wordpress
```

## Note on Subordinate Applications and Units
For subordinate applications (such as those that attach to a principal charm). Starting with version 0.19.0, remove the units field from your subordinate application.

> The provider will show units = 1 in state for subordinates if the units field is omitted, this is expected and for backwards compatibility.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion
```suggestion
For subordinate charms (those that relate to a principal charm), starting with version 0.19.0, remove the `units` field from your subordinate application resource.

The provider will show `units = 1` in state for subordinates, this is expected and for backwards compatibility.
```
